JAGHVI COMPLETE REPAIR
Build ID: jaghvi-http-repair-20260914

Use this package instead of ALL earlier Jaghvi patches.
This is a complete source-code package, not only a db.py replacement.

1. Extract the ZIP. Open the Jaghvi-Complete-Repair folder.
2. Make a backup copy of your existing project folder first.
3. Copy this folder's CONTENTS into the root of your existing GitHub project.
   Choose Replace for matching files. Include the app and scripts folders and
   the root configuration files. Do not nest Jaghvi-Complete-Repair inside it.
4. KEEP your existing .git folder, private .env files, .vercel folder and any
   local data/uploads. None is included or overwritten by this package.
   Do not delete the repository, database, environment variables or Vercel project.
5. In a terminal inside your existing project folder:

   git add -A
   git commit -m "Install complete Jaghvi HTTP repair"
   git push

6. Use the deployment created from that new commit. Do not redeploy an old commit.
7. Open https://jaghvi-com.vercel.app/health

   A healthy response has:
   status: ok
   build: jaghvi-http-repair-20260914
   database: reachable

   Then open https://jaghvi-com.vercel.app/

The included preflight runs from pyproject.toml during Vercel's build. It verifies
assets/imports and makes read-only queries to the connected database. An invalid
connection fails this check with a diagnostic code, not a generic success claim.
No reset, deletion of tables or import of sample products is performed.

Leave FastAPI, Root Directory ./ and the default build/output settings unchanged.
Keep TURSO_DATABASE_URL and TURSO_AUTH_TOKEN exactly as configured.

Owner credentials and Vercel Blob are optional for starting the empty storefront.
They are needed later for owner sign-in and cloud photo uploads, respectively.
The existing owner is never overwritten by environment-variable bootstrapping.

Read TEST-RESULTS.txt for what was and was not verified. A diagnostic 503 page
means the app is NOT ready. Do not treat it as a working store.
